docs_dir/products/ask.md, before:

# Ask

_Updated: 10/28/2016_

### Latest Release 0.0.5 

- [Download the latest release](https://github.com/coralproject/ask-install/releases) of the ask-installer for your os from our Github repository


!!! warning "We're revising our documentation and install instructions for Ask"
If you have questions about installing Ask, please email [jeff@mozillafoundation.org](jeff@mozillafoundation.org).

## What is Ask?

Ask is a tool that enables editors to create embeddable calls for contributions, including text, photo, video, and audio. The contributions can be connected to existing user profiles. Editors can manage high volumes of contributions, and display the best ones alongside the call. 

### Who is Ask for?

* **Engagement editors and journalists**: People who invite, manage, and publish user-generated content in order to improve the quality of the journalism.
* **End users**: People who consume content and contribute their own knowledge and experiences, in order to improve the quality of the coverage so that it is closer to their own needs and experiences.
* **Publishers**: People who want to understand the value of engaging more deeply with segments of the users, in order to better assess how and why to invest smartly in community.

We've created a guide on how to write a well-considered form. [You can read it here](https://blog.coralproject.net/forms-audience-engagement/).

![Ask Form Builder](../images/ask_comment_form_builder300.png)

## Installing Ask

### Where will you be hosting Ask?

Ask can be installed on a local machine or a server. Local installs are generally for evaluation or development purposes. 

Server installs are no different than local installs except they are on a server that is accessible by others. Before starting, you will need to provision a server and get access to it via ssh.  Server installs can use ssl to allow secure https connections but dns needs to be installed first.

The web url will generally look like this: `http://localhost:2020`

You may pick any free port you like. If you’re not sure which ports are free, use :2020 as this is rarely taken. Local installs do not support ssl over https.

##Requirements

### Operating System

- Any [version of Linux supported by Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/linux/)
- MacOS Yosemite 10.10.3 or above 
- Ask can run on any Linux Docker container service. Cloud options include AWS, Azure and similar cloud hosting providers
- _Microsoft Windows is not supported at this time_
- _Windows Server Containers 2016 untested_


### Docker 
Docker 1.12.1 or later is required. 

Visit the Docker website for [stable releases](https://www.docker.com/products/docker). Please make sure that the docker install is a stable release as we have encountered problems with experimental Docker releases.

## Step By Step Install


1. Create an empty folder on your server, outside of the user profile directory.


2. Download the Ask Installer from our repo [https://github.com/coralproject/ask-install/releases](https://github.com/coralproject/ask-install/releases
) and unpack it into the folder.


3. Open up a console/terminal.

4. Cd to the directory and enter the following:

		  ./ask-install
		  docker-machine create -d virtualbox coral
		  docker-machine start coral
		  eval $(docker-machine env)

5. Follow the on screen prompts to configure Ask.


6. Once you have answered all the questions, you will be prompted to to run the install command. This will download and set up all the components of Ask.


7. After this process is complete, you should be able to access Ask via a web browser at the url that you specified in the startup process.



## FAQ

- We have encountered errors when installing into symlinked folders. 

## HTTPS and Spam Reduction

### Will you be hosting Ask over https?


What is https?


If you’re ok with http or you’re installing a local machine (as opposed to a server that’s accessible by others), you may proceed to the next question.


If you want to use https, you will need to go to your DNS provider and set up the domain to point to your new server before you run the install script.  


This is required because Ask contains an automated mechanism for acquiring a secure certification (https://github.com/mholt/caddy) and keeping it up to date. The server must be reachable using the `https://your.domain.com` in order for this to happen.


### Do you want reCAPTCHA enabled?


Ask Forms can be protected from bots submitting false entries via reCAPTCHA.  You can learn more about it here: [https://www.google.com/recaptcha/intro/index.html](https://www.google.com/recaptcha/intro/index.html).


If you want to use reCAPTCHA, you need to have signed up for an account and have the keys ready as they will be needed during the Ask install process.


Will you be publishing forms to S3?

## Hosting

### What is AWS S3?


Ask publishes forms and gallery embeds to static files. This improves load times, allows for greater scale and availability. If you don’t expect many thousands of forms requests per day, it is probably best to not use S3. By default Ask will publish files to and serve them from the same server it runs on.


If you want to publish to S3, please create a bucket for Ask and have the following pieces of info at hand during the installation:


- S3 bucket name
- S3 public key
- S3 secret key

_For very large international projects, consider fronting your S3 bucket with a CDN such as [Amazon CloudFront] (https://aws.amazon.com/cloudfront/) or [Cloud Flare] (https://www.cloudflare.com/)._


If you’d like to use another platform to host your files, let us know! 

We can work together to build it as an option into the Coral Platform!

Commit message:

Add Upgrade steps to docs

docs_dir/products/ask.md, after:

# Ask

_Updated: 10/28/2016_

### Latest Release 0.0.5 

- [Download the latest release](https://github.com/coralproject/ask-install/releases) of the ask-installer for your os from our Github repository


!!! warning "We're revising our documentation and install instructions for Ask"
If you have questions about installing Ask, please email [jeff@mozillafoundation.org](jeff@mozillafoundation.org).

## What is Ask?

Ask is a tool that enables editors to create embeddable calls for contributions, including text, photo, video, and audio. The contributions can be connected to existing user profiles. Editors can manage high volumes of contributions, and display the best ones alongside the call. 

### Who is Ask for?

* **Engagement editors and journalists**: People who invite, manage, and publish user-generated content in order to improve the quality of the journalism.
* **End users**: People who consume content and contribute their own knowledge and experiences, in order to improve the quality of the coverage so that it is closer to their own needs and experiences.
* **Publishers**: People who want to understand the value of engaging more deeply with segments of the users, in order to better assess how and why to invest smartly in community.

We've created a guide on how to write a well-considered form. [You can read it here](https://blog.coralproject.net/forms-audience-engagement/).

![Ask Form Builder](../images/ask_comment_form_builder300.png)

## Installing Ask

### Where will you be hosting Ask?

Ask can be installed on a local machine or a server. Local installs are generally for evaluation or development purposes. 

Server installs are no different than local installs except they are on a server that is accessible by others. Before starting, you will need to provision a server and get access to it via ssh.  Server installs can use ssl to allow secure https connections but dns needs to be installed first.

The web url will generally look like this: `http://localhost:2020`

You may pick any free port you like. If you’re not sure which ports are free, use :2020 as this is rarely taken. Local installs do not support ssl over https.

##Requirements

### Operating System

- Any [version of Linux supported by Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/linux/)
- MacOS Yosemite 10.10.3 or above 
- Ask can run on any Linux Docker container service. Cloud options include AWS, Azure and similar cloud hosting providers
- _Microsoft Windows is not supported at this time_
- _Windows Server Containers 2016 untested_


### Docker 
Docker 1.12.1 or later is required. 

Visit the Docker website for [stable releases](https://www.docker.com/products/docker). Please make sure that the docker install is a stable release as we have encountered problems with experimental Docker releases.

## Step By Step Install


1. Create an empty folder on your server, outside of the user profile directory.


2. Download the Ask Installer from our repo [https://github.com/coralproject/ask-install/releases](https://github.com/coralproject/ask-install/releases
) and unpack it into the folder.


3. Open up a console/terminal.

4. Cd to the directory and enter the following:

		  ./ask-install
		  docker-machine create -d virtualbox coral
		  docker-machine start coral
		  eval $(docker-machine env)

5. Follow the on screen prompts to configure Ask.


6. Once you have answered all the questions, you will be prompted to to run the install command. This will download and set up all the components of Ask.


7. After this process is complete, you should be able to access Ask via a web browser at the url that you specified in the startup process.

## Upgrade Step by Step


1. Make sure you have the latest version of the Installer: https://github.com/coralproject/ask-install/releases


2. Run the following commands (NOTE: the `-s` argument is very important):

      
		  ./ask-install -s
		  docker-compose pull
      bash setup.sh

3. You can check that docker is running by using `docker-compose ps`


For troubleshooting help on upgrading, please reach out to Jeff: jeff@mozillafoundation.org


## FAQ

- We have encountered errors when installing into symlinked folders. 

## HTTPS and Spam Reduction

### Will you be hosting Ask over https?


What is https?


If you’re ok with http or you’re installing a local machine (as opposed to a server that’s accessible by others), you may proceed to the next question.


If you want to use https, you will need to go to your DNS provider and set up the domain to point to your new server before you run the install script.  


This is required because Ask contains an automated mechanism for acquiring a secure certification (https://github.com/mholt/caddy) and keeping it up to date. The server must be reachable using the `https://your.domain.com` in order for this to happen.


### Do you want reCAPTCHA enabled?


Ask Forms can be protected from bots submitting false entries via reCAPTCHA.  You can learn more about it here: [https://www.google.com/recaptcha/intro/index.html](https://www.google.com/recaptcha/intro/index.html).


If you want to use reCAPTCHA, you need to have signed up for an account and have the keys ready as they will be needed during the Ask install process.


Will you be publishing forms to S3?

## Hosting

### What is AWS S3?


Ask publishes forms and gallery embeds to static files. This improves load times, allows for greater scale and availability. If you don’t expect many thousands of forms requests per day, it is probably best to not use S3. By default Ask will publish files to and serve them from the same server it runs on.


If you want to publish to S3, please create a bucket for Ask and have the following pieces of info at hand during the installation:


- S3 bucket name
- S3 public key
- S3 secret key

_For very large international projects, consider fronting your S3 bucket with a CDN such as [Amazon CloudFront] (https://aws.amazon.com/cloudfront/) or [Cloud Flare] (https://www.cloudflare.com/)._


If you’d like to use another platform to host your files, let us know! 

We can work together to build it as an option into the Coral Platform!
