quickstart/index.md, before:

# Welcome!

This guide will take you from scratch through a fully functioning single-server Coral Ecosystem in 3 or 4 steps.

## Step 0, Install Docker ToolBox

The most direct way to get up an running is to use our Dockerized environment.

If you do not already have a Docker environment (including Docker Compose), we recommend installing via [Docker Toolbox] (https://docs.docker.com/mac/step_one/).

Docker has you covered with [quickstart guides for Toolbox](https://docs.docker.com/mac/).

Docker Toolbox is all you need to begin installing the Coral Ecosystem on a single machine!

## Step 1 - Set Environment Variables

**Required**

Set up your http host.  If you're running locally, you should use the ip address your ```docker-machine```.

To find your docker-machine ip, run this command:

> docker-machine ip default

(note, if you are not using the *default* docker machine, use the name of your docker-machine env above.)

Now, set an evnironment var using that value like so:

> export FRONTEND_HOST=<docker-machine ip>

**Optional**

If you're using Google Analytics, set the token here:

> export GAID_VALUE=<entervalue>

If you're using a custom auth token, set it like so:

> export AUTH_TOKEN_VALUE=<entervalue>

## Step 2 - Spin up all the apps!

Save this file somewhere on your system: [compose.yml](compose.yml).  This file contains all the instructions Docker Compose needs to set up the Coral Ecosystem.

You can run the file like so:

> docker-compose -f compose.yml up -d

## Step 3 - That's it!

You should now have a fully operational Coral Ecosystem. If anything has gone wrong, please let us know!


## What just happened?!

You just installed the following coral components:

![Architecture](/images/trust-architecture.png)

* MongoDB server
  * [Sponge Application](https://github.com/coralproject/sponge)
  * [Pillar Service](https://github.com/coralproject/pillar)
  * [Xenia Service](https://github.com/coralproject/xenia)
  * [Cay Application](https://github.com/coralproject/cay)



# Working with the Coral Single Server Docker Ecosystem

to see if the instances are running :

> docker-compose -f compose.yml ps


to see the logs:

> docker-compose -f compose.yml logs



### Step 4

How to use it


> $ docker ps

gives you the name for Cay (front-end app)


get the port available:

> $ docker port quickstart_cayapp_1
80/tcp -> 0.0.0.0:81


get the ip for your docker machine:


> $ docker-machine ip default
192.168.99.100


To view the logs:


> $ docker logs -f quickstart_cayapp_1


To access Trust App browse to http://192.168.99.100

## Architecture

The Coral ecosystem consists of several appliations that work together to form our products. The following diagram lays out the full install.  

![Architecture](/images/trust-architecture.png)


# Where to go from here?

You can read on how each application is being build and [how to contribute to the project](/contributions/index.md).

Commit message:

Add docker-compose version requirement

quickstart/index.md, after:

# Welcome!

This guide will take you from scratch through a fully functioning single-server Coral Ecosystem in 3 or 4 steps.

## Step 0, Install Docker ToolBox

The most direct way to get up an running is to use our Dockerized environment.

If you do not already have a Docker environment (including Docker Compose), we recommend installing via [Docker Toolbox] (https://docs.docker.com/mac/step_one/).

Docker has you covered with [quickstart guides for Toolbox](https://docs.docker.com/mac/).

Docker Toolbox is all you need to begin installing the Coral Ecosystem on a single machine!

(Note: you must have docker-compose v1.7 or later.)

## Step 1 - Set Environment Variables

**Required**

Set up your http host.  If you're running locally, you should use the ip address your ```docker-machine```.

To find your docker-machine ip, run this command:

> docker-machine ip default

(note, if you are not using the *default* docker machine, use the name of your docker-machine env above.)

Now, set an evnironment var using that value like so:

> export FRONTEND_HOST=<docker-machine ip>

**Optional**

If you're using Google Analytics, set the token here:

> export GAID_VALUE=<entervalue>

If you're using a custom auth token, set it like so:

> export AUTH_TOKEN_VALUE=<entervalue>

## Step 2 - Spin up all the apps!

Save this file somewhere on your system: [compose.yml](compose.yml).  This file contains all the instructions Docker Compose needs to set up the Coral Ecosystem.

You can run the file like so:

> docker-compose -f compose.yml up -d

## Step 3 - That's it!

You should now have a fully operational Coral Ecosystem. If anything has gone wrong, please let us know!


## What just happened?!

You just installed the following coral components:

![Architecture](/images/trust-architecture.png)

* MongoDB server
  * [Sponge Application](https://github.com/coralproject/sponge)
  * [Pillar Service](https://github.com/coralproject/pillar)
  * [Xenia Service](https://github.com/coralproject/xenia)
  * [Cay Application](https://github.com/coralproject/cay)



# Working with the Coral Single Server Docker Ecosystem

to see if the instances are running :

> docker-compose -f compose.yml ps


to see the logs:

> docker-compose -f compose.yml logs



### Step 4

How to use it


> $ docker ps

gives you the name for Cay (front-end app)


get the port available:

> $ docker port quickstart_cayapp_1
80/tcp -> 0.0.0.0:81


get the ip for your docker machine:


> $ docker-machine ip default
192.168.99.100


To view the logs:


> $ docker logs -f quickstart_cayapp_1


To access Trust App browse to http://192.168.99.100

## Architecture

The Coral ecosystem consists of several appliations that work together to form our products. The following diagram lays out the full install.  

![Architecture](/images/trust-architecture.png)


# Where to go from here?

You can read on how each application is being build and [how to contribute to the project](/contributions/index.md).
