docs_dir/index.md, before:

Welcome to the Coral Project documentation! This site aims to familiarize you with the Coral Project, how it works, and how you can help.

# What is the Coral Project?

The Coral Project is an open source project to help publishers of all sizes build better communities around their journalism. We're creating tools that allow everyone feel safe, respected, and heard. It consists of [three products](#coral-products): [Ask](#ask), [Trust](#trust), and [Talk](#talk).

If you'd like to learn more about the Coral Project from a high-level perspective, [the main Coral Project website](https://www.coralproject.net) is the best place to do that. You can find information there about the project, our goals, and the individual products.

## Why Coral?

We’ve designed our products to meet essential needs of journalism through effective online communities.

**For Publishers**

* Increase engagement
* Increase loyalty
* Improve content

**For Engagement Editors**

* Customize your tools
* Scale your workload
* Find great contributions

**For Journalists**

* Have smarter interactions
* Find potential sources
* Create an audience

**For Community Members**

* Control your experience
* Interact with the newsroom
* Avoid harassment

# Coral products

## Ask
Ask is a tool that enables editors to create embeddable calls for contributions, including text, photo, video, and audio. The contributions can be connected to existing user profiles. Editors can manage high volumes of contributions, and display the best ones alongside the call.

Read more about Ask and how to install it on our [Ask user guide](user/ask) page.

## Trust
The Trust product is a tool that allows journalistic organizations to filter through and create metrics based on individual comment behavior, and also add qualitative information. This information can be used to help journalistic organizations take next steps to better utilize and strengthen their communities.

Read more about Trust on our [Trust user guide](user/trust) page. You can currently install Trust as part of our [all in one Docker installation](quickstart/install).

## Talk
Talk is still in development. The beta will be released in Q4 of 2016.

# Product roadmap

## Ask

* **v1.0**: Q3 2016

## Trust

* **Beta release**: Q3 2016

## Talk

* **Beta release**: Q4 2016
* **v1.0**: Q4 2016/Q1 2017

## Guides

* **v1.0**: Q1 2017

# How can I contribute?

We want your ideas, your requests, your experiences, your bug reports, your skills, your code. [Join our community of contributors](contribute).


# How the documentation is organized

The documentation is organized into sections based on what you want to do with Coral.

* The [Developer Guide](developer) section contains information geared towards a technical audience: those who want to install Coral, those who want to learn about how the various components of Coral fit together,
* The [User Guide](user_guide) section contains information geared towards a less-technical audience. It has overviews and tutorials for those who want to use the Coral products like Trust, Ask, and Talk. If you're a publisher, moderator, journalist, or reader who wants to learn how to use Coral, this section is for you.
* The [Contribute](contribute) section contains information for those who want to contribute to the Coral Project. You don't have to be a developer to contribute! There are a number of ways you can help out, which are outlined on the [Introduction](contribute) page.

# Learn more

For more information about us and to see our blog, please visit [our website](https://coralproject.net) and [sign up to our newsletter](http://tinyletter.com/coralproject). We are also on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/coralproject).

_The Coral Project is a collaboration between [The Mozilla Foundation](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/foundation/), [The New York Times](http://nytimes.com), and [The Washington Post](http://washingtonpost.com), and is funded by a grant from [The John S. and James L. Knight Foundation](http://knightfoundation.org)._

Commit message:

Added Guides to main page, Ask page

docs_dir/index.md, after:

Welcome to the Coral Project documentation! This site aims to familiarize you with the Coral Project, how it works, and how you can help.

# What is the Coral Project?

The Coral Project is an open source project to help publishers of all sizes build better communities around their journalism. We're creating tools that allow everyone feel safe, respected, and heard. It consists of [four products](#coral-products): [Ask](#ask), [Trust](#trust), [Talk](#talk), and [Guides](#guides).

If you'd like to learn more about the Coral Project from a high-level perspective, [the main Coral Project website](https://www.coralproject.net) is the best place to do that. You can find information there about the project, our goals, and the individual products.

## Why Coral?

We’ve designed our products to meet essential needs of journalism through effective online communities.

**For Publishers**

* Increase engagement
* Increase loyalty
* Improve content

**For Engagement Editors**

* Customize your tools
* Scale your workload
* Find great contributions

**For Journalists**

* Have smarter interactions
* Find potential sources
* Create an audience

**For Community Members**

* Control your experience
* Interact with the newsroom
* Avoid harassment

# Coral products

## Ask
Ask is a tool that enables editors to create embeddable calls for contributions, including text, photo, video, and audio. The contributions can be connected to existing user profiles. Editors can manage high volumes of contributions, and display the best ones alongside the call.

Read more about Ask and how to install it on our [Ask user guide](user/ask) page.

## Trust
The Trust product is a tool that allows journalistic organizations to filter through and create metrics based on individual comment behavior, and also add qualitative information. This information can be used to help journalistic organizations take next steps to better utilize and strengthen their communities.

Read more about Trust on our [Trust user guide](user/trust) page. You can currently install Trust as part of our [all in one Docker installation](quickstart/install).

## Talk
Talk is still in development. The beta will be released in Q4 of 2016.

## Guides
Strong community is about more than software. Our guides will help everyone in the newsroom be intentional about their community choices, whatever technology you use. We are currently covering these issues on our [blog](https://coralproject.net); the complete guides will be released in Q1 2017.

# Product roadmap

## Ask

* **v1.0**: Q3 2016

## Trust

* **Beta release**: Q3 2016

## Talk

* **Beta release**: Q4 2016
* **v1.0**: Q4 2016/Q1 2017

## Guides

* **v1.0**: Q1 2017

# How can I contribute?

We want your ideas, your requests, your experiences, your bug reports, your skills, your code. [Join our community of contributors](contribute).


# How the documentation is organized

The documentation is organized into sections based on what you want to do with Coral.

* The [Developer Guide](developer) section contains information geared towards a technical audience: those who want to install Coral, those who want to learn about how the various components of Coral fit together,
* The [User Guide](user_guide) section contains information geared towards a less-technical audience. It has overviews and tutorials for those who want to use the Coral products like Trust, Ask, and Talk. If you're a publisher, moderator, journalist, or reader who wants to learn how to use Coral, this section is for you.
* The [Contribute](contribute) section contains information for those who want to contribute to the Coral Project. You don't have to be a developer to contribute! There are a number of ways you can help out, which are outlined on the [Introduction](contribute) page.

# Learn more

For more information about us and to see our blog, please visit [our website](https://coralproject.net) and [sign up to our newsletter](http://tinyletter.com/coralproject). We are also on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/coralproject).

_The Coral Project is a collaboration between [The Mozilla Foundation](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/foundation/), [The New York Times](http://nytimes.com), and [The Washington Post](http://washingtonpost.com), and is funded by a grant from [The John S. and James L. Knight Foundation](http://knightfoundation.org)._
